The software
That we needed to learn to use a software tool that is extremely like that we don't ever use it again in our careers. Maybe a project involving CFD would've been more useful
I didn't like the fact that not everybody was able to use delftship, the software, I would've like to have the chance to explore and use the software myself
Not much guidance.  Hard to use the software.
The software usage
We required a bit more knowledge with the Delfthsip program. It was hard to work with and importing a project made on SoldiWorks didn't throw out expected results
The least would have like the least, is looking for the prices of each accesory or thing of the boat
Location was the Santa Lucia river and there was not enough depth to build better designs.
I found this project extremely satisfying because i applied a lot of concepts regarding Hydrostatics, figuring out many ways to obtain a perfect boat. I like a lot the software that we used and most like i'm going to use it again.
I would like to know a little bit more about the software
The use of software with no training
I like that I needed to investigate abuot engineering applications. I like it because here is when you apply class concept to real life problems
that the concepts were applied in real life
The trouble to transfer solid works to DELFTship
That only one person should use the software, it would have been easier that more people could use it for time purposes
Me ha recordado un poco a un proyecto de diseno industrial, tanto en la generacion de ideas como en la comprovacion final del diseno. Interesante aplicacion para ingenieria mecanica.
See how the models was emulated to real life to see if they are working.
the interaction with the software
-
That we needed to use teamviewer to use the DELFT Ship
The extension, too many things to be done. The important things are few compared to all that is needed to be done
delftship
The program was very difficult to use or complicated to make the project
The time was to short to make a excelent project
I like how we use the topics of the class to do this project
The time to do it
I think that the worst part was having to use propietary software? having to learn and start to use delftship (some of us without even having computers that supported it) really left a bad taste because we felt powerless during the project.
